hi everyone thank you so much for coming
back to my channel I really do
appreciate it my daughter wants to say
something real quick come here come here
baby
okay this is my second daughter Alea if
you all have been subscribers to my
channel for a few years now I don't know
if you can recognize her because the
last time she was on tape was three
years ago
whoa yeah three years ago this is alia
say hi look right there
can you see don't look at that scream
look over there you're fine
can you say hi hi say hi YouTube hi do
you want to say anything else
no yeah what do you want to say okay hey
let me say baby okay that was nice okay
say bye YouTube I love you okay so okay
you know it's been a while since I have
one of my kids on anyway yes I wanted to
do this video today because I got a
request from an archaic soul that's her
youtube name hi she asked if I could do
a more in-depth conversation about what
I mentioned in my last video how I wash
my skin with only water so I'm happy to
do this video it's only going to take
two minutes very short because it's
basically what it is I'm just washing my
body with only nice warm water so what I
do is and the reason let me go a little
in depth of why I do this I have very
sensitive skin when I washed my body in
the past with soap of course um when I
get out my skin is very dry of course
we've always put lotion on after you
wash your body but it was just to a
point where um it just felt really tight
that type feeling and I was just like I
just can't do this anymore plus plus in
the areas of you know other woman areas
yes I'm talking about this in our woman
areas there are product
that you can use like summer's eve and
everything like that and you can you
know douches well and those are all fine
and dandy but I've heard things that
it's not you're not supposed to do and
and I've done that in the put you know
dental this is a kind of a personal
thing to say it anyway I've done that in
the past you know douching and
everything like that and you have
basically when you do douche you take
away a lot of the natural juices that
are supposed to be in there for women um
so anyway I had needless to say I'm
going a little bit off hand water is I
have found - really - really aid in my
skin being soft much softer than oh yes
honey and also it sounds strange that
how come on water okay baby go that's
fine okay hang on just a second okay
okay
it sounds strange and only water can
actually do the trick of cleaning you
but I guarantee you that's what it does
the water is supposed to it does so many
things so many good things for you you
know you drink it it helps you with
health but internally and outwardly it's
just a fantastic all-around band-aid for
me of course I know it's not for
everybody but for me is great
so anyway after I'd be been experiencing
too many sensitive issues and things
like that with soap and summers even
everything else that you're supposed to
use as far as washing your body and you
know all of your parts I was like you
know I'm not going I'm not going to do
this anymore just let me try just water
and ice and Alena and it is like a dream
I'm not even enjoying you not say it's
almost romantic like that but it's very
um it's uh I gotta find another word to
be more convincing here it is
water is working fantastic on my skin
and all around my overall health it's
very
good for me yeah I just get in the
shower and I just you know stand under
the water I the water run down my skin
on my back everywhere and of course my
hair use that water let it fall on you
and enjoy your shower time
really that's it and again when you wash
your your parts just be thorough with it
as you would normally would
I just don't put soap because it's uh
it's not um you know sorry I'm acting
kind of strange it's kind of weird to
talk about that but it is what it is
you know um yeah so I I'm very thorough
and um I do I do use my hands because uh
you know though I use my hands and all
parts of my areas just to make sure the
water is thoroughly doing its job and
then I'm done that's it I know you're
probably all thinking if you're only
washing with water how can you get clean
down there but I mean if you're doing
research and ask your doctor's you'll
and not only that not only asking your
doctors do what's right for you
you know because doctors don't know
everything so you have to be your own
doctor at times and I mean that's what
it is like if you top listen to your
body and it's talking to you because
your body is communicating is healing my
body was communicating with me for some
reason I was like I'm just going to stop
eating so both together and just do this
and it's been working it's been very
beneficial my husband definitely has no
complaints when it comes to the way I've
smelled so actually not surprising him
but he was a little bit shocked that I
smelled I don't want to say better oh
yeah let's say that he was I again I
don't want to be too graphic but let's
just say he was a little bit you know
surprised and shocked but with this a
good surprise that um you know that a
water can have that kind of good
great effect who uncomfortable but I'm
doing it for you guys so what that's it
that's it that's what only washing so as
always please keep elevated thoughts the
pure heart and a free spirit and stay in
the moment
much love to all of you and I will see
you in my next video mmm bye what say
bye-bye
here she's good bye bye